Hi, I’m Marcelo,
and this is “Iron Sharpens Iron.”
So we’ve made the initial call,
and it went really well.
We were able to share a scripture,
we had a nice conversation,
and we even left the person with a question.
But then we have to make what
for some brothers and sisters
is somewhat difficult:
the dreaded return visit.
But why do some of us feel that way?
Well, we might worry, thinking:
‘I tried to return quickly,
but they weren’t there,
‘so will they even remember me?
‘Will they still be interested?
Will they ask me a question
I’m not prepared for?’
All of these might be legitimate concerns,
but we need to remember
that our goal at this moment
is just to continue a conversation.
It’s better to focus on what we do know.
This person has already shown interest.
Remembering that
can help minimize uneasiness.
But let’s also look at three practical steps
that give us the best chance
for a successful return visit.
The first step is to be warm and friendly.
So focus on just getting yourself relaxed.
That way you can be warm and friendly
when you greet them.
It’s natural for some of us
to feel a measure of anxiety
conversing with someone we don’t know well.
But if we’ve prepared well ahead of time,
we can now take a deep breath,
focus on the value of the message, and smile.
This can help us to relax,
and often our smile is contagious.
I’m Laura.
The last time I was here,
we talked about who controls the world.
Yes, I remember.
You even showed me it is the Devil, right?
Yeah, that’s right.
If you have a few minutes,
I want to answer the question
that I left with you last time:
Why does God allow suffering?
Did you notice how she
didn’t put the householder on the spot?
She reminded the woman of her name
and also of the topic they had discussed
on the initial call.
Now she can continue her discussion
right where she left off.
Why does God allow suffering?
I’m kind of busy right now,
but do you mind if I ask you a question?
Now, this is the moment
we sometimes fear most.
We plan to continue the discussion,
but the householder has
an unexpected question.
So here’s one approach that works well
if we would like to have more time
to prepare a response.
I’d like to know if the Bible says anything
about gay marriage.
You know, that’s a really good question.
Well, in a way it does talk about that.
But would it be OK with you
if I answered this other question first?
Then I can do some research
and find the best possible scriptures
to be able to answer your question
the next time that I come.
Does that sound OK?
Sure, that’s fine.
Did you see how our sister
just gave an honest response?
We can simply ask if it would be OK
to continue our current discussion
so we can do some research
and return with a better answer.
Most householders will appreciate that.
But if the question isn’t too difficult
or if we feel comfortable
giving our response,
that’s fine.
We can always adapt.
The idea is to try to continue our discussion
but, if necessary, we can always adjust it.
And here’s our last tip:
Leave them wanting more.
Make sure to keep our visit brief
and leave them wanting more.
What approach can we use?
Set up a question for the next visit.
Huh, that’s interesting.
So this thought leads us to another question.
If God allows suffering to happen,
when will he put an end to it?
That’s a good question.
But since I mentioned I would be brief,
could I maybe come back Saturday?
Then I can answer this question
and also the other one you asked.
Yeah, that would be great.
There it is!
Three easy steps
that can help us be more comfortable
and also help us make
successful return visits:
Be warm and friendly,
continue our discussion,
and leave them wanting more.
I know these tips have helped me,
and I sure hope they help you
as we work together to sharpen one another.